The Douglas County Sheriff is investigating a man's death.

Chris Degase says Lance Terrill died after being shot outside a home south of Fordland on Highway Z. When the sheriff arrived around 11:00 Thursday night, family members were in the yard doing CPR on the victim. Paramedics pronounced Terrill dead at the scene.

Degase said two bullets also went into the trailer. The 34-year-old victim's two children, ages five and seven, were inside at the time. They weren't hurt.

"Two rounds did go into the trailer. It's very fortunate none of them were struck, that was our biggest concern last night. We are uncertain if the shooter knew the kids were in there or not," said Douglas County Sheriff Chris Degase.

Terrill’s whole family is shocked and grieving. Including his uncle who wants justice for his only nephew.

"I want to go to court I want to see these people. I want them to look at our faces and see how much pain we are going through because of their bad decision. It's horrible and painful," said Allen Nichols.

Detectives interviewed 8 people last night and are looking for 2 people of interest. Degase says Douglas County is working with authorities in Christian and Webster Counties to identify and track down the shooter. He says Terrill did have some criminal history, but the sheriff would not elaborate on that. Degase also said investigators are still working on a motive but says Terrill's criminal past may have contributed to his death.

"We are working closely with officials in Webster and Christian Counties on this. They are very familiar with both the victim and the suspects so we are working closely with the Sheriff's departments in both of those counties," Degase said.

An autopsy on the victim will be done on Monday. in any capacity, you can use the solar tax credit. If you have a “tax guy,” that most likely means you pay taxes. If you have money withheld from your paycheck, pay quarterly estimated taxes, or pay once a year, the tax credit will reduce what you owe. IRS Form 5695 is the section of the tax return where solar energy credits are applied.

“The tax credit is bigger than what I owe this year, so I can’t use it.”

The solar tax credit can be rolled over to future years if you don’t use it all this year. For example, let’s say that your tax credit is $10,000 but you only owe $7,000 on this year’s taxes. That would mean that you have $3,000 of tax credit waiting on you to use next year. Excess tax credit doesn’t go away just because you can’t use it in the current year.

It’s not too late to take advantage of the solar tax credit in 2017 if you act quickly. The tax credit combined with electric bill savings make solar the best investment you could make right now.