An 8-year-old girl died Saturday after falling two stories from a cruise ship at PortMiami Saturday, Miami-Dade Police Department said.

During the debarkation process on board the Carnival Glory at around 8:15 a.m., the girl fell from a balcony in the ship’s interior atrium to the lower deck.

Carnival Cruise Line released the following statement regarding the incident:

"The ship's medical team responded immediately and the child was transported to the ship's medical center. She was subsequently transferred via ambulance to a local hospital. The ship's command immediately contacted Miami-Dade Police Department which is on site. Our most heartfelt care and concern is with the family at this very difficult time."



8-Year-Old Falls From Cruise Ship at PortMiami

An 8-year-old girl is in extremely critical condition after falling from cruise ship at PortMiami: (Published Saturday, Oct. 14, 2017)

The girl was transported to Ryder Trauma Center in extremely critical condition where she later died, according to Miami Fire-Rescue.y.

"We heard a couple wrecks. It was pretty bad. There was an older guy, he stopped at that sign. He tried to cross the traffic but he couldn't make it," he explains.

MoDOT is looking at an extension project that could consist of lane improvements and traffic lights to keep the flow of vehicles moving safely.

"We do have safety funds that do become available each year, from different sources, some of them federal and we're willing to consider putting some of that funding into the project," says Mueller.

Partnering with local governments will help the project move along.

"We believe that the city is interested in working with us to leverage that money to get the best improvement we can," he says.

Patel has a suggestion that has immediate results and wouldn't cost a dime.

"Put your phone down. Just focus on the highway. Just wait. If you wait two or three minutes longer it's still better than your life," he says.

Officials are just in the beginning stages of looking at what could improve safety at the intersection.

There's no time frame on when that could happen.